Add automatic data formatting and sanitization for intel modules (#1657)
cartography-cncf/cartography: docs/root/dev/writing-intel-modules.md

We have some best practices on handling transforms:

```{hint}

> Before implementing a transform method, check if that can not be done with the `auto_format` option of the PropertyRef.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Try using the `auto_format` option of the PropertyRef instead of writing a transform method!
```

Reviewer: I want to push people to use this feature :)

Now we can use the same steps described above in this doc to finish data ingestion.

> #### Auto format

Reviewer 2: Update agents.md too
